BabylonReactNative Basekit frontend package (#615)
BabylonJS/BabylonReactNative: Modules/@babylonjs/react-native-basekit/README.md

# Babylon React Native Basekit

## Usage

This quick overview will help you understand the constructs provided by Babylon React Native and how to use them in a React Native application.

### Dependencies

This package has several **peer dependencies**. If these dependencies are unmet, `npm install` will emit warnings. Be sure to add these dependencies to your project.

### Installation Configuration

> Downloaded dependencies are cache by default in directory specifiec by `npm_config_cache`. It's possible to specify a new cache directory by setting `npm_config_babylon_binary_cache` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Downloaded dependencies are cached by default in directory specified by `npm_config_cache`. It's possible to specify a new cache directory by setting `npm_config_babylon_binary_cache` environment variable.
```

Author: fixed

Also, it's possible to set the source of these downloaded dependencies. By default, it's using main Github repo releases: `https://github.com/BabylonJS/BabylonReactNative/releases/download`.
Other possibilities are:

> - By command argument for `npm install` : `--brn-binary-site=https://mysite.com/downloads`

Reviewer: It looks like the `--brn...` is supposed to be an argument to `npm install`, but I'm not sure why these are separated as if two different commands and what the colon is supposed to mean. What am I missing?

Author: It's just me trying to separate the command and the parameter. it actually makes more sense to join both.

> - By environment variable `export npm_config_brn_binary_site=https://mysite.com/downloads`

Reviewer: What does this mean? Is `export` some command? If I try to run this locally it just says export is not a recognized command.

Author: added this command is specific to mac/linux

> - By configuration in package.json: `nodeBabylonConfig: { binarySite: 'https://mysite.com/downloads'}`

Reviewer: Where in the package.json? Like this is a top level json element or something?

Author: I've taken the code from node-sass but I can't find documentation describing in details how it works. I'm removing it for now.

These case location must respect same hierarchy as the main Github repo releases.

### Android Configuration

The minimum Android SDK version is 18. This must be set as `minSdkVersion` in the consuming project's `build.gradle` file.

### iOS Configuration

The minimum deployment target version is 12. This must be set as `iOS Deployment Target` in the consuming project's `project.pbxproj`, and must also be set as `platform` in the consuming project's `podfile`.

### Platform Native Packages

Babylon React Native supports react-native from 0.69 to 0.71+. See project Github main readme for supported versions.

> ### `useEngine`

Reviewer: Is this duplicated documentation? Is the plan that once we are fully on this new packaging scheme, we delete the old stuff?

Author: yes, it's duplicated from @babylonjs/react-native readme. long term is indeed to replace old legacy packages by this one.
